This was a project I started to practice with Vue.js. Beginning in 2020 as a simple exercise to learn this framework, I wanted to create a very simple shopping list app because I needed it especially during the COVID period when shopping was the only nice thing you could do and you would also do a lot of it to get some fresh air.<br>
Previously, for the shopping list, I used the very simple and ugly notepad app where I wrote things all jumbled up, and the "to-do list" apps I had tried didn't appeal to me in terms of style or functionality! So, it all started as a personal necessity too.<br>
I started with a simple Vue CDN and threw everything into 3 simple files (HTML, CSS, JS), convinced first of all that they would be enough because I would write only a few lines of code, and convinced that to host on GitHub Pages you could only do it this way, and not with complex projects placed in the appropriate folders... But I was wrong.<br>
Initially, it was a simple web page that I used from the smartphone browser, then I wondered if I could somehow transform it into a real app without having to completely change it, and while investigating, I found MIT App Inventor. I tried it but it didn't keep the local sessions active, so once the app was closed, it always deleted everything, which was a real problem for me because I didn't want to create a whole backend architecture, but I wanted to use simple localStorage for these small things, also because at the time I had studied PHP in a course but honestly, I wasn't crazy about it and found it quite demanding for something so small. So I switched to Tunkable, but it wasn't the best either. Finally, I found Kodular which helped me, and I finally transformed my site into an app, publishing it on the Play Store! It was a great satisfaction.<br>
Then, over time, I discovered that with GitHub Pages you could also host large projects, but I also discovered Netlify, which I decided to use for this version. Above all, I realized that those simple 3 files, in which I thought I would write only a few lines of code, became quite large and turned into a mess of garbage! So, I armed myself with patience and gradually moved the old project into this one, trying to clean up the code, but it's clear that I still have to fix it. The project is functional, but I still need to fix some best practices and further break down the components, and I'm doing it gradually.<br>
In the meantime, download the app from the link above, try it, give me suggestions, share it with other people, and review it positively.🤪 Thank you :) <br>
Here, I'll post the old, ugly project, which I wanted to delete but decided to keep to remind myself of how NOT to write code:

https://github.com/lucapu88/vue.js-simple-exercise

Now, I'm gradually fixing the code piece by piece... I hadn't realized that the project was starting to get big. If anyone has suggestions for me, not on the app's features (which are still welcome) but specifically on code writing, best practices, or possible bugs, they are welcome. Thanks again. 🙏😊
